# hello-world

This example creates an S3 bucket and uploads a text file to that bucket. 
This is example is an introduction to the use of Go with the CDK.

**NOTICE**: Go support is still in Developer Preview. This implies that APIs may
change while we address early feedback from the community. We would love to hear
about your experience through GitHub issues.

## Initial Setup

The initial code was generated by executing the following commands:

```
mkdir hello-world
cd hello-world
cdk init app --language go
```

**Note:** The directly name will be used to generate some of the file names, so
be sure to use a name appropriate for your particular situation.


To prepare the code for execution, and download the dependencies, use the
following command:

```
go mod tidy
```

Once all modules have been downloaded, the unit tests should be executed
with the following command:

```
go test
```

The output should be similar to the following:

```
% go test
PASS
ok  	hello-world	5.114s
```

You should now be ready to perform additional development.

## Adding a Module for S3

This example will create an S3 bucket in your AWS account. Before writing the
code, it's necessary to add the S3-related module.

CDK Modules generally start with `aws`. For example, the Go module for 

## Useful commands

 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `go test`         run unit tests
